C:\Users\Bostjan\Documents\FERI\3.Letnik\Arhitekture informacijskih sistemov\Naloga7\WpfApp\WpfApp\bin\Debug\WpfApp.exe.config
C:\Users\Bostjan\Documents\FERI\3.Letnik\Arhitekture informacijskih sistemov\Naloga7\WpfApp\WpfApp\bin\Debug\WpfApp.exe
C:\Users\Bostjan\Documents\FERI\3.Letnik\Arhitekture informacijskih sistemov\Naloga7\WpfApp\WpfApp\bin\Debug\WpfApp.pdb
C:\Users\Bostjan\Documents\FERI\3.Letnik\Arhitekture informacijskih sistemov\Naloga7\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\LoginForm.g.cs
C:\Users\Bostjan\Documents\FERI\3.Letnik\Arhitekture informacijskih sistemov\Naloga7\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Bostjan\Documents\FERI\3.Letnik\Arhitekture informacijskih sistemov\Naloga7\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Bostjan\Documents\FERI\3.Letnik\Arhitekture informacijskih sistemov\Naloga7\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\WpfApp_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Bostjan\Documents\FERI\3.Letnik\Arhitekture informacijskih sistemov\Naloga7\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\WpfApp_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Bostjan\Documents\FERI\3.Letnik\Arhitekture informacijskih sistemov\Naloga7\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\LoginForm.baml
C:\Users\Bostjan\Documents\FERI\3.Letnik\Arhitekture informacijskih sistemov\Naloga7\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Bostjan\Documents\FERI\3.Letnik\Arhitekture informacijskih sistemov\Naloga7\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\WpfApp.g.resources
C:\Users\Bostjan\Documents\FERI\3.Letnik\Arhitekture informacijskih sistemov\Naloga7\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\WpfApp.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Bostjan\Documents\FERI\3.Letnik\Arhitekture informacijskih sistemov\Naloga7\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\WpfApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Bostjan\Documents\FERI\3.Letnik\Arhitekture informacijskih sistemov\Naloga7\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\WpfApp.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Bostjan\Documents\FERI\3.Letnik\Arhitekture informacijskih sistemov\Naloga7\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\WpfApp.exe
C:\Users\Bostjan\Documents\FERI\3.Letnik\Arhitekture informacijskih sistemov\Naloga7\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\WpfApp.pdb
c:\Users\Bostjan\Documents\FERI\3.Letnik\Arhitekture informacijskih sistemov\Naloga7\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\DodajOseboForm.g.cs
c:\Users\Bostjan\Documents\FERI\3.Letnik\Arhitekture informacijskih sistemov\Naloga7\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\DodajPodjetje.g.cs
c:\Users\Bostjan\Documents\FERI\3.Letnik\Arhitekture informacijskih sistemov\Naloga7\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\DodajOseboForm.baml
c:\Users\Bostjan\Documents\FERI\3.Letnik\Arhitekture informacijskih sistemov\Naloga7\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\DodajPodjetje.baml
c:\Users\Bostjan\Documents\FERI\3.Letnik\Arhitekture informacijskih sistemov\Naloga7\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\WpfApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Bostjan\Documents\FERI\3.Letnik\Arhitekture informacijskih sistemov\Naloga7\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\DodajOseboVPodjetje.g.cs
c:\Users\Bostjan\Documents\FERI\3.Letnik\Arhitekture informacijskih sistemov\Naloga7\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\DodajOseboVPodjetje.baml
c:\Users\Bostjan\Documents\FERI\3.Letnik\Arhitekture informacijskih sistemov\Naloga7\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\OdstraniOseboIzPodjejta.g.cs
c:\Users\Bostjan\Documents\FERI\3.Letnik\Arhitekture informacijskih sistemov\Naloga7\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\OdstraniOseboIzPodjejta.baml
c:\Users\Bostjan\Documents\FERI\3.Letnik\Arhitekture informacijskih sistemov\Naloga7\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\IzberiPodjetje.g.cs
c:\Users\Bostjan\Documents\FERI\3.Letnik\Arhitekture informacijskih sistemov\Naloga7\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\IzberiPodjetje.baml
c:\Users\Bostjan\Documents\FERI\3.Letnik\Arhitekture informacijskih sistemov\Naloga7\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\IzberiOsebo.g.cs
c:\Users\Bostjan\Documents\FERI\3.Letnik\Arhitekture informacijskih sistemov\Naloga7\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\IzberiOsebo.baml
c:\Users\Bostjan\Documents\FERI\3.Letnik\Arhitekture informacijskih sistemov\Naloga7\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\PodrobnostiOsebe.g.cs
c:\Users\Bostjan\Documents\FERI\3.Letnik\Arhitekture informacijskih sistemov\Naloga7\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\PodrobnostiOsebe.baml
c:\Users\Bostjan\Documents\FERI\3.Letnik\Arhitekture informacijskih sistemov\Naloga7\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\UrejanjeOseb.g.cs
c:\Users\Bostjan\Documents\FERI\3.Letnik\Arhitekture informacijskih sistemov\Naloga7\WpfApp\WpfApp\obj\Debug\UrejanjeOseb.baml
